contrib/cf/README.md, before:

# Installing Open Service Broker for Azure on Cloud Foundry

Open Service Broker for Azure is an [Open Service Broker](https://wwww.openservicebrokerapi.org)-compatible application for provisioning and managing services in Microsoft Azure. This document describes how to deploy it on [Cloud Foundry](https://cloudfoundry.org).

## Prerequisites

What you will need:

- **Cloud Foundry environment**: there are multiple ways to use [Cloud Foundry on Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/cloudfoundry-get-started).
- **Azure CLI**: You can [install it locally](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest) or use it in the [Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview?view=azure-cli-latest)

- **Cloud Foundry CLI**: You can [install it locally](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html) or use it in the [Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview?view=azure-cli-latest).

## Create an Azure Redis Cache

Open Service Broker for Azure uses Redis as a backing store for its state. We recommend using a managed Redis service, such as Azure Redis Cache. You can use the Azure CLI to determine if Azure Redis Cache is enabled for your subscription:

```console
$ az provider show -n Microsoft.Cache -o table
Namespace        RegistrationState
---------------  -------------------
Microsoft.Cache  Registered
```

If the service is not enabled for your subscription, you can enable it with the Azure CLI:

```console
$ az provider register --namespace Microsoft.Cache
```

After executing this command, you can monitor it with the `az provider show -n Microsoft.Cache -o table` command. When the provider is listed as `Registered`, you can create a cache using the Azure CLI:

```console
$ az redis create -n osba-cache -g myresourcegroup -l <location> --sku Basic --vm-size C1
```

And get the keys:

```console
$ az redis list-keys -n osba-cache -g myresourcegroup
```

Note the `hostName` and `primaryKey` in the output as these will be needed later.

## Obtain Your Subscription ID

```console
$ az account show --query id
```

## Create a Service Principal

Open Service Broker for Azure uses a service principal to provision Azure resources on your behalf.

```console
$ az ad sp create-for-rbac
```

The new service principal will be assigned, by default, to the `Contributor`
role. The output of the command above will be similar to the following:

```console
{
  "appId": "redacted",
  "displayName": "azure-cli-xxxxxx",
  "name": "http://azure-cli-xxxxxx",
  "password": "redacted",
  "tenant": "redacted"
}
```

## Update the Cloud Foundry manifest

Open contrib/cf/manifest.yml and enter the values obtained in the earlier steps:

```yaml
---
  applications:
    - name: osba
      buildpack: https://github.com/cloudfoundry/go-buildpack/releases/download/v1.8.13/go-buildpack-v1.8.13.zip
      command: broker
      env:
        AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: <YOUR SUBSCRIPTION ID>
        AZURE_TENANT_ID: <TENANT ID FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        AZURE_CLIENT_ID: <APPID FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET: <PASSWORD FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        LOG_LEVEL: DEBUG
        MIN_STABILITY: PREVIEW
        ENABLE_MIGRATION_SERVICES: false
        REDIS_PREFIX:
        STORAGE_REDIS_HOST: <HOSTNAME FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        STORAGE_REDIS_PASSWORD: <PRIMARYKEY FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        STORAGE_REDIS_PORT: 6380
        STORAGE_REDIS_DB: 0
        STORAGE_REDIS_ENABLE_TLS: true
        CRYPTO_ENCRYPTION_SCHEME: AES256
        CRYPTO_AES256_KEY: AES256Key-32Characters1234567890
        ASYNC_REDIS_HOST: <HOSTNAME FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        ASYNC_REDIS_PASSWORD: <PRIMARYKEY FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        ASYNC_REDIS_PORT: 6380
        ASYNC_REDIS_DB: 1
        ASYNC_REDIS_ENABLE_TLS: true
        BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME: username
        BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD: password
        GOPACKAGENAME: github.com/Azure/open-service-broker-azure
        GO_INSTALL_PACKAGE_SPEC: github.com/Azure/open-service-broker-azure/cmd/broker
```

**IMPORTANT**: The default values for `CRYPTO_AES256_KEY`, `BASIC\_AUTH\_USERNAME`, and `BASIC\_AUTH\_PASSWORD` should never be used in production environments.

## Push the broker to Cloud Foundry

Once you have added the necessary environment variables to the CF manifest, you can simply push the broker:

```console
cf push -f contrib/cf/manifest.yml
```

## Register the Service Broker with Cloud Foundry

With the broker app deployed, the final step is to register it as a service broker in Cloud Foundry. Note that this step must be executed by a Cloud Foundry administrator unless you are using the `--space-scoped` flag to limit it to a single CF space.

```console
cf create-service-broker open-service-broker-azure username password https://osba.apps.example.com
```

If you are *not* using a `--space-scoped` broker, services provided by a broker are not visible to Cloud Foundry users. To make them visible, you will also need to grant access to the services provided by Open Service Broker for Azure using the `cf enable-service-access` command. For example, to expose the `azure-postgresql-9-6` service, you will need to execute the following command.

```console
cf enable-service-access azure-postgresql-9-6
```

This is not needed if registering the broker with the `--space-scoped` flag.

Commit message:

Fix doc for setting up Azure Redis cache (#610)
* Fix doc for setting up Azure Redis cache

* Add a conspicuous note

contrib/cf/README.md, after:

# Installing Open Service Broker for Azure on Cloud Foundry

Open Service Broker for Azure is an [Open Service Broker](https://wwww.openservicebrokerapi.org)-compatible application for provisioning and managing services in Microsoft Azure. This document describes how to deploy it on [Cloud Foundry](https://cloudfoundry.org).

## Prerequisites

What you will need:

- **Cloud Foundry environment**: there are multiple ways to use [Cloud Foundry on Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/cloudfoundry-get-started).
- **Azure CLI**: You can [install it locally](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest) or use it in the [Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview?view=azure-cli-latest)

- **Cloud Foundry CLI**: You can [install it locally](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html) or use it in the [Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview?view=azure-cli-latest).

## Create an Azure Redis Cache

Open Service Broker for Azure uses Redis as a backing store for its state. We recommend using a managed Redis service, such as Azure Redis Cache. You can use the Azure CLI to determine if Azure Redis Cache is enabled for your subscription:

```console
$ az provider show -n Microsoft.Cache -o table
Namespace        RegistrationState
---------------  -------------------
Microsoft.Cache  Registered
```

If the service is not enabled for your subscription, you can enable it with the Azure CLI:

```console
$ az provider register --namespace Microsoft.Cache
```

After executing this command, you can monitor it with the `az provider show -n Microsoft.Cache -o table` command. When the provider is listed as `Registered`, you can create a cache using the Azure CLI:

```console
$ az redis create -n osba-cache -g myresourcegroup -l <location> --sku Standard --vm-size C1
```

**Caution**: Here we create an Azure Redis cache with `Standard` SKU, which is ready for production usage. You should **never** use `Basic` SKU in production environment. 

And get the keys:

```console
$ az redis list-keys -n osba-cache -g myresourcegroup
```

Note the `hostName` and `primaryKey` in the output as these will be needed later.

## Obtain Your Subscription ID

```console
$ az account show --query id
```

## Create a Service Principal

Open Service Broker for Azure uses a service principal to provision Azure resources on your behalf.

```console
$ az ad sp create-for-rbac
```

The new service principal will be assigned, by default, to the `Contributor`
role. The output of the command above will be similar to the following:

```console
{
  "appId": "redacted",
  "displayName": "azure-cli-xxxxxx",
  "name": "http://azure-cli-xxxxxx",
  "password": "redacted",
  "tenant": "redacted"
}
```

## Update the Cloud Foundry manifest

Open contrib/cf/manifest.yml and enter the values obtained in the earlier steps:

```yaml
---
  applications:
    - name: osba
      buildpack: https://github.com/cloudfoundry/go-buildpack/releases/download/v1.8.13/go-buildpack-v1.8.13.zip
      command: broker
      env:
        AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID: <YOUR SUBSCRIPTION ID>
        AZURE_TENANT_ID: <TENANT ID FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        AZURE_CLIENT_ID: <APPID FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET: <PASSWORD FROM SERVICE PRINCIPAL>
        LOG_LEVEL: DEBUG
        MIN_STABILITY: PREVIEW
        ENABLE_MIGRATION_SERVICES: false
        REDIS_PREFIX:
        STORAGE_REDIS_HOST: <HOSTNAME FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        STORAGE_REDIS_PASSWORD: <PRIMARYKEY FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        STORAGE_REDIS_PORT: 6380
        STORAGE_REDIS_DB: 0
        STORAGE_REDIS_ENABLE_TLS: true
        CRYPTO_ENCRYPTION_SCHEME: AES256
        CRYPTO_AES256_KEY: AES256Key-32Characters1234567890
        ASYNC_REDIS_HOST: <HOSTNAME FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        ASYNC_REDIS_PASSWORD: <PRIMARYKEY FROM AZURE REDIS CACHE>
        ASYNC_REDIS_PORT: 6380
        ASYNC_REDIS_DB: 1
        ASYNC_REDIS_ENABLE_TLS: true
        BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME: username
        BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD: password
        GOPACKAGENAME: github.com/Azure/open-service-broker-azure
        GO_INSTALL_PACKAGE_SPEC: github.com/Azure/open-service-broker-azure/cmd/broker
```

**IMPORTANT**: The default values for `CRYPTO_AES256_KEY`, `BASIC\_AUTH\_USERNAME`, and `BASIC\_AUTH\_PASSWORD` should never be used in production environments.

## Push the broker to Cloud Foundry

Once you have added the necessary environment variables to the CF manifest, you can simply push the broker:

```console
cf push -f contrib/cf/manifest.yml
```

## Register the Service Broker with Cloud Foundry

With the broker app deployed, the final step is to register it as a service broker in Cloud Foundry. Note that this step must be executed by a Cloud Foundry administrator unless you are using the `--space-scoped` flag to limit it to a single CF space.

```console
cf create-service-broker open-service-broker-azure username password https://osba.apps.example.com
```

If you are *not* using a `--space-scoped` broker, services provided by a broker are not visible to Cloud Foundry users. To make them visible, you will also need to grant access to the services provided by Open Service Broker for Azure using the `cf enable-service-access` command. For example, to expose the `azure-postgresql-9-6` service, you will need to execute the following command.

```console
cf enable-service-access azure-postgresql-9-6
```

This is not needed if registering the broker with the `--space-scoped` flag.
