docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

The Microsoft Azure Service Broker project accepts contributions via GitHub pull
requests. This document outlines the process to help get your contribution
accepted.

## Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we have to jump a
couple of legal hurdles.

The [Microsoft CLA](https://cla.microsoft.com/) must be signed by all
contributors. Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor
License Agreement (CLA). Once you are CLA'ed, we'll be able to accept your pull
requests.

***NOTE***: Only original source code from you and other people that have
signed the CLA can be accepted into the repository.

## Support Channels

This is an open source project and as such no formal support is available.
However, like all good open source projects we do offer "best effort" support
through [github issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-broker/issues).

Before opening a new issue or submitting a new pull request, it's helpful to
search the project - it's likely that another user has already reported the
issue you're facing, or it's a known issue that we're already aware of.

## Issues

Issues are used as the primary method for tracking anything to do with the
Azure Service Broker project.

### Issue Lifecycle

The issue lifecycle is mainly driven by the core maintainers, but is good
information for those contributing to Azure Service Broker. All issue types
follow the same general lifecycle. Differences are noted below.

1. Issue creation
1. Triage
    - The maintainer in charge of triaging will apply the proper labels for the
    issue. This includes labels for priority, type, and metadata. If additional
    labels are needed in the future, we will add them.
    - If needed, clean up the title to succinctly and clearly state the issue.
    Also ensure that proposals are prefaced with "Proposal".
    - Add the issue to the correct milestone. If any questions come up, don't
    worry about adding the issue to a milestone until the questions are
    answered.
    - We attempt to do this process at least once per work day.
1. Discussion
    - "Feature" and "Bug" issues should be connected to the PR that resolves it.
    - Whoever is working on a "Feature" or "Bug" issue (whether a maintainer or
    someone from the community), should either assign the issue to themself or
    make a comment in the issue saying that they are taking it.
    - "Proposal" and "Question" issues should remain open until they are
    either resolved or have remained inactive for more than 30 days. This will
    help keep the issue queue to a manageable size and reduce noise. Should the
    issue need to stay open, the `keep open` label can be added.
1. Issue closure

## How to Contribute a Patch

1. If you haven't already done so, sign a Contributor License Agreement
(see details above).
2. Fork the repository, develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any
additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Add a reviewing doc (#43)
* Add a reviewing doc

* s/'&'/'and'

* Clarifying "OSB-facing API"

* Cleaning up the language around "Medium" PRs

* Adding a few notes

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

The Microsoft Azure Service Broker project accepts contributions via GitHub pull
requests. This document outlines the process to help get your contribution
accepted.

## Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we have to jump a
couple of legal hurdles.

The [Microsoft CLA](https://cla.microsoft.com/) must be signed by all
contributors. Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor
License Agreement (CLA). Once you are CLA'ed, we'll be able to accept your pull
requests.

***NOTE***: Only original source code from you and other people that have
signed the CLA can be accepted into the repository.

## Support Channels

This is an open source project and as such no formal support is available.
However, like all good open source projects we do offer "best effort" support
through [github issues](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-broker/issues).

Before opening a new issue or submitting a new pull request, it's helpful to
search the project - it's likely that another user has already reported the
issue you're facing, or it's a known issue that we're already aware of.

## Issues

Issues are used as the primary method for tracking anything to do with the
Azure Service Broker project.

### Issue Lifecycle

The issue lifecycle is mainly driven by the core maintainers, but is good
information for those contributing to Azure Service Broker. All issue types
follow the same general lifecycle. Differences are noted below.

1. Issue creation
1. Triage
    - The maintainer in charge of triaging will apply the proper labels for the
    issue. This includes labels for priority, type, and metadata. If additional
    labels are needed in the future, we will add them.
    - If needed, clean up the title to succinctly and clearly state the issue.
    Also ensure that proposals are prefaced with "Proposal".
    - Add the issue to the correct milestone. If any questions come up, don't
    worry about adding the issue to a milestone until the questions are
    answered.
    - We attempt to do this process at least once per work day.
1. Discussion
    - "Feature" and "Bug" issues should be connected to the PR that resolves it.
    - Whoever is working on a "Feature" or "Bug" issue (whether a maintainer or
    someone from the community), should either assign the issue to themself or
    make a comment in the issue saying that they are taking it.
    - "Proposal" and "Question" issues should remain open until they are
    either resolved or have remained inactive for more than 30 days. This will
    help keep the issue queue to a manageable size and reduce noise. Should the
    issue need to stay open, the `keep open` label can be added.
1. Issue closure

## How to Contribute a Patch

1. If you haven't already done so, sign a Contributor License Agreement
(see details above).
2. Fork the repository, develop and test your code changes.
3. Submit a pull request.

Your pull request will be reviewed according to the process defined in 
[reviewing.md](./reviewing.md).

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted the
[Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the
[Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any
additional questions or comments.
