docs/modules/mysqldb.md, before:

# [Azure Database for MySQL](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/mysql/)

|![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/Warning.svg/50px-Warning.svg.png) | This module is EXPERIMENTAL. It is under heavy development and remains subject to the possibility of breaking changes. |
|---|---|

## Services & Plans

### Service: azure-mysqldb

| Plan Name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `basic50` | Basic Tier, 50 DTUs |
| `basic100` | Basic Tier, 100 DTUs |

#### Behaviors

##### Provision
  
Provisions a new MySQL server and a new database upon that server. The new
database will be named randomly.

###### Provisioning Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Default Value |
|----------------|------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `location` | `string` | The Azure region in which to provision applicable resources. | Required _unless_ an administrator has configured the broker itself with a default location. | The broker's default location, if configured. |
| `resourceGroup` | `string` | The (new or existing) resource group with which to associate new resources. | N | If an administrator has configured the broker itself with a default resource group and nonde is specified, that default will be applied, otherwise, a new resource group will be created with a UUID as its name. |
| `sslEnforcement` | `string` | Specifies whether the server requires the use of TLS when connecting. Valid valued are `""` (unspecified), `enabled`, or `disabled`. | N | `""`. Left unspecified, SSL _will_ be enforced. |
| `tags` | `map[string]string` | Tags to be applied to new resources, specified as key/value pairs. | N | Tags (even if none are specified) are automatically supplemented with `heritage: open-service-broker-azure`. |
  
##### Bind
  
Creates a new user on the MySQL server. The new user will be named randomly and
will be granted a wide array of permissions on the database.

###### Binding Parameters

This binding operation does not support any parameters.

###### Credentials

Binding returns the following connection details and credentials:

| Field Name | Type | Description |
|------------|------|-------------|
| `host` | `string` | The fully-qualified address of the MySQL server. |
| `port` | `int` | The port number to connect to on the MySQL server. |
| `database` | `string` | The name of the database. |
| `username` | `string` | The name of the database user (in the form username@host). |
| `password` | `string` | The password for the database user. |

##### Unbind

Drops the applicable user from the MySQL server.
  
##### Deprovision

Deletes the MySQL server.

Commit message:

Replacing MySQL Firewall Rules with Go Templates (#300)
* Replacing Firewall Rules with Go Templates

Support multiple firewall rules via the use of Go Templates.

* Fixed the formatting in the markdown file

Signed-off-by: Jeremy Rickard <jeremy.rickard@microsoft.com>

* Lint fixes

* Expanded lifecycle test (all in one) to have multiple rules

* Code review comments

* Refactor naming to be more concise

docs/modules/mysqldb.md, after:

# [Azure Database for MySQL](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/mysql/)

|![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/Warning.svg/50px-Warning.svg.png) | This module is EXPERIMENTAL. It is under heavy development and remains subject to the possibility of breaking changes. |
|---|---|

## Services & Plans

### Service: azure-mysqldb

| Plan Name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `basic50` | Basic Tier, 50 DTUs |
| `basic100` | Basic Tier, 100 DTUs |

#### Behaviors

##### Provision

Provisions a new MySQL server and a new database upon that server. The new
database will be named randomly.

###### Provisioning Parameters

| Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Default Value |
|----------------|------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| `location` | `string` | The Azure region in which to provision applicable resources. | Required _unless_ an administrator has configured the broker itself with a default location. | The broker's default location, if configured. |
| `resourceGroup` | `string` | The (new or existing) resource group with which to associate new resources. | N | If an administrator has configured the broker itself with a default resource group and nonde is specified, that default will be applied, otherwise, a new resource group will be created with a UUID as its name. |
| `sslEnforcement` | `string` | Specifies whether the server requires the use of TLS when connecting. Valid valued are `""` (unspecified), `enabled`, or `disabled`. | N | `""`. Left unspecified, SSL _will_ be enforced. |
| `firewallRules`  | `array` | Specifies the firewall rules to apply to the server. Definition follows. | N | `[]` Left unspecified, Firewall will default to only Azure IPs. If rules are provided, they must have valid values. |
| `firewallRules[n].name` | `string` | Specifies the name of the generated firewall rule |Y | |
| `firewallRules[n].startIPAddress` | `string` | Specifies the start of the IP range allowed by this firewall rule | Y | |
| `firewallRules[n].endIPAddress` | `string` | Specifies the end of the IP range allowed by this firewall rule | Y | |
| `tags` | `map[string]string` | Tags to be applied to new resources, specified as key/value pairs. | N | Tags (even if none are specified) are automatically supplemented with `heritage: open-service-broker-azure`. |

##### Bind

Creates a new user on the MySQL server. The new user will be named randomly and
will be granted a wide array of permissions on the database.

###### Binding Parameters

This binding operation does not support any parameters.

###### Credentials

Binding returns the following connection details and credentials:

| Field Name | Type | Description |
|------------|------|-------------|
| `host` | `string` | The fully-qualified address of the MySQL server. |
| `port` | `int` | The port number to connect to on the MySQL server. |
| `database` | `string` | The name of the database. |
| `username` | `string` | The name of the database user (in the form username@host). |
| `password` | `string` | The password for the database user. |

##### Unbind

Drops the applicable user from the MySQL server.

##### Deprovision

Deletes the MySQL server.
